adding fastapi-mqtt extension (#49)
mjhea0/awesome-fastapi: README.md

- [FastAPI Mail](https://github.com/sabuhish/fastapi-mail) - Lightweight mail system for sending emails and attachments (individual and bulk).

### MQTT

> - [FastAPI MQTT](https://github.com/sabuhish/fastapi-mqtt) - fastapi-mqtt is extension for MQTT protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [FastAPI MQTT](https://github.com/sabuhish/fastapi-mqtt) - An extension for the MQTT protocol.
```
